doc: Document Flex cluster support in `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` resource and data sources (#3070)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: docs/data-sources/flex_cluster.md

`mongodbatlas_flex_cluster` describes a flex cluster.

> **RECOMMENDATION:** We now recommend using the `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` data source instead of `mongodbatlas_flex_cluster` data source to retrieve flex clusters. The `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` data source not only supports Flex clusters but also supports tenant and dedicated clusters, providing easier transition between different cluster types. For more information, see [Advanced Cluster](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/data-sources/advanced_cluster) data source.

Reviewer: M0 (i.e. free tier) is the only "tenant" cluster going forward other than flex once M2/M5 are depreciated, correct? I think it's simpler to use "free" here.
```suggestion
**RECOMMENDATION:** We recommend using the `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` data source instead of `mongodbatlas_flex_cluster` data source to retrieve Flex clusters. The `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` data source not only supports Flex clusters, but also supports free and dedicated clusters, providing easier migration between different cluster types. For more information, see the [Advanced Cluster](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/data-sources/advanced_cluster) data source.
```
